## Overview

* **Project**: jitsi-meet, lib-jitsi-meet
* **Summary**:  E2EE: Fail-open media decyption and misleading cues on unsupported clients
* **Severity**: Low
* **Affected versions**: Jitsi Meet < 2.0.7830
* **Fixed date**: 2022-09-27
* **Fixed version**: 2.0.7830
* **CVE**: N/A
* **Reported by**: Robertas Maleckas, ETH Zurich, Prof. Kenny Paterson, ETH Zurich, Prof. Martin Albrecht, Royal Holloway, University of London

## Description

### Fail-open media decryption

Upon media decryption failure the E2EE decryptor would let the media frames flow to decoders.

This lead to an integrity-compromising attack, where a rogue JVB could send non-E2EE media frames
to the participants of an E2EE conference.

These participants would render the media as if it were E2EE.

### Misleading cues on unsupported clients

When E2EE is turned on an audio cue is played to let the user know E2EE has been activated.

This indication was played back also on unsupported browsers such as Firefox, when processing a presence
stanza from another user indicating they turned E2EE on.

Users would hear "E2EE is ON" and be mislead into thinking they are using E2EE when they aren't.

## Resolution

Upgrading Jitsi Meet deployments to version 2.0.7830 newer resolves these issues.

### Fail-open media decryption

Media that failes to be decrypted is no longer passed on for decoding, those frames are dropped. The result is
a user would now see black frames (or a frozen last frame) and hear silence.

### Misleading cues on unsupported clients

Extra checks were added to make sure clients who don't support E2EE don't generate E2EE related cues.

---

> Jitsi security advisories are posted in https://github.com/jitsi/security-advisories/tree/master/advisories
